OSDOCS-16934 Part 2 NODES-6 CQA (#114925)
openshift/openshift-docs: nodes/pods/nodes-pods-priority.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> Pod priority ranks pods by importance to influence scheduling order, out-of-resource eviction ordering, and enable preemption, where higher-priority pods can evict lower-priority pods when resources are constrained.

Reviewer: In the short description is the phrase "out-of-resource" intended to be a verb? This is the way I'm reading it:

Pod priority ranks pods by importance to do the following things:
- Influence scheduling order
- Out-of-resource eviction order
- Enable preemption

Maybe this would work?

```suggestion
Pod priority ranks pods by importance to influence scheduling order, sort out-of-resource evictions, and enable preemption, where higher-priority pods can evict lower-priority pods when resources are constrained.
```
